DOC-425 part 4: FM Simple Somatic Mutation, FoundationOne Annotation and FoundationOne Variant Aggregation and Masking (#358)
NCI-GDC/gdc-docs: docs/Encyclopedia/pages/FoundationOne_Variant_Aggregation_and_Masking.md

# FoundationOne Variant Aggregation and Masking

## Description ##

FoundationOne Variant Aggregation and Masking is a somatic mutation aggregation workflow used in GDC targeted sequencing harmonization.

## Overview ##

> FoundationOne Variant Aggregation and Masking is a pipeline used for targeted sequencing somatic mutation aggregation at the GDC. Somatic mutation aggregation is performed with FoundationOne Variant Aggregation and Masking using tumor alignments and generates simple nucleotide variation (SNV) data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FoundationOne Variant Aggregation and Masking is a pipeline used for targeted sequencing somatic mutation aggregation at the GDC. Somatic mutation aggregation is performed by aggregating annotated somatic mutations from the FM-AD project in the GDC by case primary site.
```

Author: changed

### Input

* Tumor VCF - Targeted Sequencing

### Output

* MAF (Data Type: Aggregated Somatic Mutation)

> ## References ##
> 
> 1. []()
> 1. []()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: deleted
